WIP: adding new featured content block (#625)
infinum/eightshift-frontend-libs: blocks/init/src/Blocks/components/load-more/docs/readme.mdx

3. Load more and the container must have the same ID that will connect them. Load more component uses `loadMoreId` attribute for that.
4. You must provide load more component `loadMoreQuery` attribute with encoded json string with all WP_Query args you want to use. In general this is the same query you use to provide the initial data.
5. You must provide load more component `loadMoreType` attribute that will determin what map you will use in you dynamic data class to provide view output.
5. You must provide load more component `loadMoreInitiaItems` attribute that contains the array of IDs for the initial loaded data in the DOM.
6. Optional load more component `loadMorePerPageOverride` attribute is used to load different number of items than they are initialy set in the DOM.
7. After all this items are connected and provided, when you click on the load more button it will make a request using JS on the admin ajax hook in your dynamic data class.
8. Dynamic data will provide the query data that you will map to your component view and provide the data back to the dom via ajax.

> 9. In you component you must have partial view component that will map ids from the dynamic data to the actial output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. In your component you must have partial view component that will map ids from the dynamic data to the actual output.
```
